WHO WOULD HAVE LOVED THE
OPPORTUNITY TO BE IN THOSE
CLASSROOMS.
STEVE: THERE WAS A DOCUMENT
DUMP BY THE REPUBLICANS ON
THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE.
THE HOUSE SENT OUT HUNDREDS
OF PAGES AND WE'RE LEARNING
MORE ABOUT PERHAPS THE DEEP
STATE AT THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE AND AT THE FBI.
BECAUSE IN THIS DOCUMENT
DUMP, THEY ADMITTED THAT THE
FBI WAS ORDERED, LADIES AND
GENTLEMEN, REMEMBER HER?
THE FBI ATTORNEY.
SHE ADMITTED THE FBI WAS
ORDERED BY THE BARACK OBAMA
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE NOT TO
CONSIDER CHARGING HILLARY
CLINTON FOR GROSS NEGLIGENCE
IN HANDLING INTELLIGENCE
WHICH IS CLASSIFIED.
REMEMBER, IN AN EARLY DRAFT
OF WHAT JAMES COMEY WAS --
HE WAS ACCUSING HILLARY
CLINTON OF BEING GROSSLY
NEGLIGENT.
WELL, GROSS NEGLIGENT CAN BE
PUNISHED WITH PRISON TIME.
THEY CHANGED IT TO EXTREMELY
CARELESS.
AND PAGE TESTIFIED THAT
THERE WERE CONVERSATIONS
BETWEEN THE DEPARTMENT OF
JUSTICE AND THE FBI ABOUT
HOW TO GET HER OFF THE HOOK,
ESSENTIALLY.
AINSLEY: REPUBLICANS ON THE
HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE
THEY RELEASED HUNDREDS OF
PAGES OF THESE TRANSCRIPTS
FROM THAT HEARING WITH THE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
THIS IS WHAT ONE OF THEM
SAID TO YOUR POINT WHEN SHE
WAS ORDERED NOT TO CHARGE
HILLARY CLINTON.
SHE SAID WE HAD MULTIPLE
CONVERSATIONS WITH THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT ABOUT
BRINGING IN GROSS NEGLIGENCE
CHARGE.
AND THAT'S, AS I SAID, THE
ADVICE THAT WE GOT FROM THE
DEPARTMENT WAS THAT THEY DID
NOT THINK THAT IT WAS
CONSTITUTIONALLY VEGAS AND
NOT SUSTAINABLE.
THEN CONGRESSMAN RATLIFF
SAYS WHEN YOU SAY ADVICE YOU
GOT FROM THE DEPARTMENT, YOU
ARE MAKING IT SOUND LIKE IT
WAS THE DEPARTMENT THAT TOLD
YOU ARE NOT GOING TO CHARGE
GROSS NEGLIGENCE BECAUSE
WE'RE THE PROSECUTORS AND WE
ARE TELLING YOU WE'RE NOT
GOING TO.
AND SHE SAYS THAT'S CORRECT.
STEVE: OH MY GOODNESS.
BRIAN: THIS FROM CONGRESSMAN
COLLINS WHO WAS ON THE RADIO
WITH ME IN 45 MINUTES I'M
GOING TO RELEASE MORE
TRANSCRIPTS.
IF YOU LIKE LAST WEEK'S,
THIS IS LISA PAGE'S DAY.
WE FOUND OUT LISA PAGE IS
GOING TO RELEASE ALL OF
THIS.
ABOUT 350 PAGES.
NOW THE BIG QUESTION FOR ME
WHAT ABOUT THIS INSURANCE
POLICY THAT WE DISCUSSED IN
ANDY'S OFFICE?
ANDY McCABE DOESN'T SEEM
TO REMEMBER IN HIS BOOK TOUR
WHAT THEY DISCUSSED WITH AN
INSURANCE POLICY AS RELATES
TO THE PRESIDENCY OF THE
UNITED STATES.
NOW, IF I'M GOING TO BELIEVE
LISA PAGE AND WHAT SHE SAYS
AND IF I UNDERSTAND THE
SUMMARY IN WHICH I READ, IT
IS ESSENTIALLY LISA PAGE
SAYING CROSSFIRE HURRICANE
WAS AN INVESTIGATION INTO A
POSSIBLE RUSSIAN
INFILTRATION INTO THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN.
THEY SAY BEING THAT WE
DIDN'T THINK HE WAS GOING TO
WIN, WE COULD TAKE OUR TIME.
BUT IN THE EVENT THAT YOU I
DO DIE BEFORE YOU ARE 40 WE
GET WE HAVE AN INSURANCE
POLICY SOMETHING THEY ADMIT
IN THIS COPY AND
CROSS-EXAMINATION THEY KNEW
VERY LITTLE ABOUT.
STEVE: THE SCARY THING IS
THE FACT THAT THIS
ESSENTIALLY LAYS BEAR.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THERE WAS A
DEEP STATE.
WE HAVE HEARD ABOUT THAT FOR
A WHILE.
THINK ABOUT THIS.
THERE IS FBI INVESTIGATION
LOOKING INTO THINGS IT'S
BARACK OBAMA WANTS
DEPARTMENT
'SPARTMENT
'S DRTMENT
'S DEPMENT
'S DEPARNT
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGT
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGE
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGF
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGI
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGN
'S DEPARTMENT OFJUSTICE TELLINGT
TO CHARGE HER WHICH THE WAY
THE DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
WHO DECIDES ANYWAY IT'S THE
FBI THAT JUST DOES THE
INVESTIGATION.
>> HERE IS DOUG COLLINS.
>> THE PRESIDENT HAS BEEN
UNFAIRLY ATTACKED FROM THE
MOMENT HE WAS ELECTED
NOVEMBER 2016.
ON MANY FRONTS.
AND NOW WE ARE BEGINNING TO
SEE THE VAST SCOPE OF WHAT
MOST OF US VIEW MS. CLINTON
WAS TREATED COMPLETELY
DIFFERENTLY THAN WHAT WE
ENDED UP SEEING PRESIDENT
TRUMP BEING TREATED.
THAT'S JUST WRONG.
THIS SHOWS THERE IS A TWO
TIER SYSTEM AND WE ARE GOING
TO SAY WE ARE GOING TO GET
THIS OUT AND PUT IN WAYS
THAT PEOPLE CAN EASILY
UNDERSTAND NOT A LARGE BUT
TAKE IT METHODICALLY AS WE
GET THEM CLEARED AND GET
THEM OUT TO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE.
STEVE: BIG QUESTION IS HOW
HIGH UP DID IT GO?
THAT IS ULTIMATELY WHAT
EVERYBODY WANTS TO KNOW.
BRIAN: WHEN THAT MUELLER
PROBE WORD IS IT'S COMING
OUT THIS WEEK.
HE SAYS I DON'T NECESSARILY
BELIEVE IT.
BUT THERE IS A LOT OF NOISE
ABOUT IT COMING OUT.
MAYBE WE WILL GET SOME MORE
ANSWERS.
STEVE: I HEARD FROM DOWN IN
WASHINGTON THERE IS A
POSSIBILITY THAT AS SOON AS